The company I work for is called Artemis financial, as a software developer working to build design and develop to have the system be used for a financial aspect to make sure the security is rock solid. That’s why I recommended the AES-256-bit encryption since it's hard to get into and would give the company peace of mind that the data is being protected. Not as high as miliary encryption but hard enough that it's not easy to break in. Our company was in contact and under contract with Global Rain to make things possible moving forward in order to build the system and security for them, based on their needs they needed to be safe an complain with the guidelines and to ensure customer satisfaction to ensure their data was safe and secure. With our help we can guide and modernize the system that Global rain was using to a newer modern system, that could help the company stay in competition with the other finical businesses. 

I tried my best to try and keep up with demand, since I’m not in the field at this time I was trying my best to keep up with the changes that were coming down technology pipeline. I tried to focus and take it all in in bits, with technology changes over the weeks if not months, the changes are major and can affect the job and the career. In that aspect I have to understand and keep up with the systems and new advances of technology that are coming new while keeping up with the learning that it would take to implement. It's important to code securely since our job and the system we are building depend on it, without security the system will fall, and the data will be lost to unwanted personal having the data or being sold to others. Security is everything to a company without it, it will not work and the persons investing into it will lose money and their time to invest and work with the company if the company does not take security seriously. Any field that we look at security is involved, since data, or any data is a powerful driving force that can make company’s lots of money based on what they find and what they are looking for in the data. Based on what you have bought, sold, what you are watching. All these shows data trends that a company can use to gain money based on who they see the data, they can influence you to buy things based on your activities, and or based on your health. The data does not lie, and they know it so having that data is essential to company’s or personal based on what trends can be done or exploited. 

I think the whole thing was challenging, I read the assignment and followed along but I was not seeing what was being presented to me, so I had to search outside sources. I found a video on YouTube that I was able to follow along and that helped me out a lot, I still was not able to get the last piece, but I got it done non the less. I was looking for a more in-depth guide to follow in order to complete the assignments that I needed to pass or to do well in the class. I had reached out to the professor, and I was introduced to the same thing I was limited on the avenue that I could not get the whole thing, so I tried my best and continued on and completed it as much as I could. 

With data I think the rule should to be to have that standard be set at 128-bit encryption based on data as far as health data, with financial data that should be set at AES-256bit since it could cause real harm to banks personal data should all be deemed not known to all, since the data is so private and can hurt not only the person but the company as well. So having a standard would create and understanding that security is not something we should take lightly. The same situation with the course works I advised he 2nd tier highest since it's a good rule to have since a financial institution might have over 100,000 accounts with a lot of money on them and to lose that is a lot of money to pay back and the company would be in ruins since they would never recover from the loses. Code quality and cryptography are the two main factors that I would look at in the future to check the code and the build of the system, since these two items are critical if the system were to fail, since if one or the other are not right. This would leave gaps unwanted open doors for unauthorized personal to gain access, even ex-employees that know about the issues can exploit the aera and gain access or damage or move things to hurt the company based on what had happened in the past. 

I kept the same factors and added to it in order to build on what I knew and had in place, and also, I know some parts were working so it only needed some tweaking in order to make that better than they were in order to complete the assignments and make sure the system was working while being secure. Checking the code and keeping up with good practices in coding made sure the code was good, and also running the report showed me errors in the code that I left things undone and that were errors that could cost me my job and the company money based on the lack of secure coding. 

Read, copy and paste the requirements on a note pad, have the note pad close in order to make sure each step was addressed and while complete check that aera off in order to make sure that the system was completed as needed and the aeras needed to complete were done. In order the list should be done if done all at once and you have to back track the errors might be too much to handle in order to complete the assignment or task, if the tasks are done in order the system will be easier to work on and easier to maintain if needed to go back and work on errors. The same goes with tasks to have a list showing the tasks needed to complete in order to do them in an order based on what is needed to be completed, if a task list, things can be added or removed and or replaced by more important tasks that take more immediate action. 

For me this shows determination, with the assignments at hand. Even with facing defeat or loss I still tried my best and completed the work in order to be happy with myself that I did not give up I tired and completed the assignment the best I could and that shows determination to be against the odds and still stand and deliver the assignment or work needed to complete. With the experience is the fact of being against the odds and trying any means to complete the job and delivering it, the skills are that I went back and saw my errors and went back to adjust them to make them right in order to boast my knowledge and gain more experience with the items in a controlled environment. 
